Content: Remnant license granting mission tweak (#5234)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant missions.txt

mission "Remnant: Technology Available"
	name "Remnant: License Training"

> 	description "Transport a prefect to <destination> so he can teach about their license."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Transport a prefect to <destination> so he can tell you more about the Remnant license."
```

			label onwards
			`	As he talks, he gestures for you to walk with him towards a nearby hall. Inside, you discover that it is one of the many cafeterias that seem to be common in Remnant starports. He picks up two trays from the window and leads you to an empty table. "While you are welcome to become one of us, we suspect that you are a citizen of the galaxy - wandering hither and yon building coalitions and enmities with species and groups across the breadth of accessible space, unfettered by conventional allegiances. As such, we hope that you will continue to explore and stop by to let us know what you have found. We ask only that you keep the secret with which you are trusted and bring us word of anything that might influence humanity's long-term survival."`
			choice
				`	"What secret do you want me to keep?`
					goto secret
				`	"I would be honored to be one of the Remnant."`
					goto beremnant
				`	"While I have enjoyed my time among you, I can never stay in one place."`
					goto galacticcitizen
				`	"What constitutes 'things that influence humanity's survival'?"`

> 			label humanitiessurvival

Reviewer 2: I'd do "humanitiessurvival" -> "survival", "beremnant" -> "remnant", and "galacticcitizen" -> "traveler" for the sake of readability.

Author: I prefer doing two word labels to help ensure that they are unique. Makes it easier to search for things and avoid duplicates, etc.

Reviewer 2: I don't.

Author: I'll leave it as is, then. I prefer to keep it easier to verify manually just in case.

Reviewer 2: Since readability is my concern, you could change these to `"be remnant"` and so on, but I think that one word will do just fine. (I'd really only suggest multi-word labels for massive conversations where having lengthy labels makes navigation easier, e.g. #4905. With a small conversation like this though, it isn't necessary.)

Author: OK, I changed two of them in the interests of readability. I'd prefer to leave `beremnant` alone, though. I don't think that one is a readability problem. And there are far too many instances of remnant in the file.

Replaced humanitiessurvival with survival
Replaced galacticcitizen with traveler

Reviewer 2: "beremnant" -> "join" or "honored"?

Author: OK. "beremnant" replaced with "honored"

			`	He takes a bite before responding. "Basically, anything that might either pose an existential threat to humanity, or anything that we might learn from and put to use to ensure humanity's survival. It might be an invading fleet of automated machines or a spaceborn plague. But it is just as possible you might find beings that we can work alongside to form strong partnerships or ancient ruins with old technology that points us towards new discoveries. The possibilities are indeed infinite.`
				goto feast
			label beremnant
			apply

> 				set "Wants to be a Remnant"

Reviewer 2: Condition names are typically lowercased.
```suggestion
				set "wants to be a remnant"
```

			`	He nods, smiling. "You are not there yet, but I think you might well become one of us before too long." He takes a bite from his plate, then continues. "Keep learning, and you may well earn yourself a place among us."`
			choice
				`	"What secret do you want me to keep?`
					goto secret
				`	"What constitutes 'things that influence humanity's survival'?"`
					goto humanitiessurvival
			label galacticcitizen

> 			`	He nods "Thank you for confirming our impression. We are grateful to have you with us, and look forward to hearing about your travels."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	He nods. "Thank you for confirming our impression. We are grateful to have you with us, and look forward to hearing about your travels."`
```

			`	"Done? Good. When we approach <planet>, you will have a few options: for a normal approach when everything is nominal, tap your pattern on the license. If there is a threat following you in - an enemy ship or some other kind of danger you want the monitors to watch for, pinch or squeeze the license instead. And if you have a problem onboard, such as having been captured and forced to fly the ship in, tap the license in a random pattern. Lastly, if you are having trouble landing due to injury or damage to the ship, just press briefly on the license. If you don't touch the license at all, the monitors will assume that you are either incapacitated or otherwise not in command of your ship. We will still attempt to let you land safely and provide assistance, but will also be standing ready to destroy you and block your approach if we think you are becoming a threat."`
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`	As you enter the upper atmosphere of <planet>, the prefect gestures toward the small bracket he installed on your console. You insert your license and tap the pattern you created. He checks his commlink and then nods. "Your license and clearance have been accepted, Captain <first>. Carry on with landing as normal."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`As you enter the upper atmosphere of <planet>, the prefect gestures toward the small bracket he installed on your console. You insert your license and tap the pattern you created. He checks his commlink and then nods. "Your license and clearance have been accepted, Captain <first>. Carry on with landing as normal."`
```

			label onwards
			`	As he talks, he gestures for you to walk with him towards a nearby hall. Inside, you discover that it is one of the many cafeterias that seem to be common in Remnant starports. He picks up two trays from the window and leads you to an empty table. "While you are welcome to become one of us, we suspect that you are a citizen of the galaxy - wandering hither and yon building coalitions and enmities with species and groups across the breadth of accessible space, unfettered by conventional allegiances. As such, we hope that you will continue to explore and stop by to let us know what you have found. We ask only that you keep the secret with which you are trusted and bring us word of anything that might influence humanity's long-term survival."`
			choice
				`	"What secret do you want me to keep?`
					goto secret

> 				`	"I would be honored to be one of the Remnant"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
				`	"I would be honored to be one of the Remnant."`
```

					goto beremnant
				`	"While I have enjoyed my time among you, I can never stay in one place."`
					goto galacticcitizen
				`	"What constitutes 'things that influence humanity's survival'?"`
			label humanitiessurvival
			`	He takes a bite before responding. "Basically, anything that might either pose an existential threat to humanity, or anything that we might learn from and put to use to ensure humanity's survival. It might be an invading fleet of automated machines or a spaceborn plague. But it is just as possible you might find beings that we can work alongside to form strong partnerships or ancient ruins with old technology that points us towards new discoveries. The possibilities are indeed infinite.`
				goto feast
			label beremnant
			apply
				set "Wants to be a Remnant"

> 			`	He nods, smiling. "You are not there yet, but I think you might well become one of us before too long." he takes a bite from his plate, then continues. "Keep learning, and you may well earn yourself a place among us."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	He nods, smiling. "You are not there yet, but I think you might well become one of us before too long." He takes a bite from his plate, then continues. "Keep learning, and you may well earn yourself a place among us."`
```

> 			`	"When your name came up in the study," he says, "I asked around and discovered that you have helped us in other ways as well. The other prefects have reached a consensus that you should be considered a valuable friend of the Remnant, and shall henceforth be given permission to purchase our ships and technology."`

Author: Done. Thanks!

			choice
				`	"I'm honored. Thank you."`
					goto onwards
				`	"Is there anything else I can do to assist your people?"`

> 			`	"I do not have anything at the moment," he says, "but I am sure other Remnant will have tasks you can help with, now that you have demonstrated your trustworthiness. We have been keeping track of you, and we are impressed with your curiosity, perseverance, and ability to survive where most would be destroyed. All three are valued characteristics among the Remnant, and thus many will welcome your assistance on their projects.`

Reviewer: He's singing all of this?

Author: Yep. He's got good lungs, and he prepared ahead of time.

			label onwards

> 			`	As he talks, he gestures for you to walk with him towards a nearby hall. "While you are welcome to become one of us, we suspect that you are a citizen of the galaxy - wandering hither and yon building coalitions and enmities with species and groups across the breadth of accessible space, unfettered by conventional allegiances. As such, we hope that you will continue to explore and stop by to let us know what you have found. We ask only that you keep the secret with which you are trusted, and bring us word of anything that might influence humanity's long-term survival."`

Reviewer 4: This is a really powerful bit of dialogue. I feel like it would be a good point for the player to be given the opportunity to respond to it in various ways. The next `choice` would IMO be more impactful if it were moved up to be right after this bit of dialogue, with the bit about going to the cafeteria moved earlier. And then you could add a few more choices, such as (paraphrasing):
- "Actually I really like Remnant space."
- "Yes, though I've enjoyed my time here, I can never stay in one place for long."

Author: Thanks! Currently working on implementing this.

Author: Implemented.

> 			`	As he talks, he gestures for you to walk with him towards a nearby hall. "While you are welcome to become one of us, we suspect that you are a citizen of the galaxy - wandering hither and yon building coalitions and enmities with species and groups across the breadth of accessible space, unfettered by conventional allegiances. As such, we hope that you will continue to explore and stop by to let us know what you have found. We ask only that you keep the secret with which you are trusted, and bring us word of anything that might influence humanity's long-term survival."`

Reviewer 4: Actually I think this is a great bit of writing. Please don't change it! :)

> 			`	As he talks, he gestures for you to walk with him towards a nearby hall. "While you are welcome to become one of us, we suspect that you are a citizen of the galaxy - wandering hither and yon building coalitions and enmities with species and groups across the breadth of accessible space, unfettered by conventional allegiances. As such, we hope that you will continue to explore and stop by to let us know what you have found. We ask only that you keep the secret with which you are trusted, and bring us word of anything that might influence humanity's long-term survival."`

Author: Thank you. I've had some comments on Discord that it seems awfully long-winded, but if you like it, I'll leave it. :)

			`	You follow the prefect into the hall, and discover that it is one of the many cafeterias that seem to be common in Remnant starports. He picks up two trays from the window and leads you to an empty table.`
			choice
				`	"What secret do you want me to keep?`
					goto secret
				`	"What constitutes 'things that influence humanity's survival?"`

> 			`	He takes a bite before responding. "Basically, anything that might either pose an existential threat to humanity; or anything that we might learn from and put to use to ensure humanity's survival. It might be an invading fleet of automated machines, or a spaceborn plague. But it is just as possible you might find beings that we can work alongside to form strong partnerships, or ancient ruins with old technology that points us towards new discoveries. The possibilities are indeed infinite.`

Reviewer 4: In case the player has already finished the missions where Automata invade the Far North, this would be a good place for the player to tell the guy about it. :)

But maybe you were intending to do that in another PR?

Author: The plan is that - eventually - there will be a basically four categories of missions:
1) Core Remnant missions - these are the ones that build up to and lay the foundations for the main campaign. Everything that feeds into licenses and lays important ground work for the start of the campaign.
2) Campaign missions - The Cognizance missions are the start of the Remnant campaign. These will be the main, mostly single path, long story set of missions that are mostly independent of what goes on in the rest of the galaxy.
3) Side strings - Following the pattern of things like the Expanded Horizons, Broken Jump Drives, and Crystal Research, I'm planning on plenty of small strings off the side of the main campaign in which the Remnant explore various things and learn more about the galaxy.
4) Remnant Reactions - This set of missions that are currently being planned are kind of like the side strings of 3, except they are tied directly to events and things in the larger galaxy. The Automata invasion of the far North and the Exiles stealing Automata tech are two major ones that I've got some missions planned for. Likewise for the Pug invasion, discovery of the Wanderers, and a variety of other major plot events. Eventually, I'd like to give the player the option of regularly checking in with the Remnant to tell them about various activities and stuff throughout the galaxy.

				goto feast
			label secret

> 			`	He sips on thick drink before responding. "Quite simply, the fact that we are here. To the best of our knowledge, only the Drak and the Korath know that we exist, and of those only the Korath have raided our worlds. Our intention is to the last bastion of humanity, and we rely on secrecy to achieve that goal." He pauses for a moment to eat, then continues. "The Alphas are a fearsome threat, but they may be the least of humanity's worries in the grand scheme of things. Thus we strive to maintain whatever advantages we can, and one of those is surprise. If no-one knows we are here, we have the advantage over any that might seek to conquer or destroy us."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	He sips on thick drink before responding. "Quite simply, the fact that we are here. To the best of our knowledge, only the Drak and the Korath know that we exist, and of those only the Korath have raided our worlds. Our intention is to be the last bastion of humanity, and we rely on secrecy to achieve that goal." He pauses for a moment to eat, then continues. "The Alphas are a fearsome threat, but they may be the least of humanity's worries in the grand scheme of things. Thus we strive to maintain whatever advantages we can, and one of those is surprise. If no-one knows we are here, we have the advantage over any that might seek to conquer or destroy us."`
```

> 			`	He sips on thick drink before responding. "Quite simply, the fact that we are here. To the best of our knowledge, only the Drak and the Korath know that we exist, and of those only the Korath have raided our worlds. Our intention is to the last bastion of humanity, and we rely on secrecy to achieve that goal." He pauses for a moment to eat, then continues. "The Alphas are a fearsome threat, but they may be the least of humanity's worries in the grand scheme of things. Thus we strive to maintain whatever advantages we can, and one of those is surprise. If no-one knows we are here, we have the advantage over any that might seek to conquer or destroy us."`

Author: Pat of the point of this statement is hinting at the fact that the Remnant - like the player - are galactic travellers. They know about the the Korath, the Quarg, the Automata, the Hai (and the fact that the Hai seem to have a civil war going on in the North), the Builders, Ka'Het, and the Coalition. And probably the Pug in Deneb, too. More precisely, they have seen everything that one can observe from space of all those. They haven't actually *met* any of them. They have, however, done scans on their ships. The only race that the Remnant *might* not have seen is the Wanderers. They probably have seen them, but that hasn't been decided yet. The Wanderers are the only one (so far) that is isolated enough to even have a chance of being hidden from them.

Giftbringer might be a fearsome Carrier; but it is small potatoes next to a Punisher or Arfecta... And for that matter, while the Alpha's are definitely a threat, they can't match the level of destruction an empire like the Coalition could manage. Who cares if the Alphas are basically elite commandos when one knows about an empire that could probably drop a literal billion soldiers on human space? (Keep in mind, the Remnant know effectively nothing about the Coalition other than what they can see from space - and they would definitely be able to tell that they have a lot of very good military ships and very little to use them against - which historically in humanity tends to mean a nation that is interested in involving itself in the affairs of those around it. 

The actual logic of the "thus" is "There are bigger threats than the Alphas" so "we strive to maintain whatever advantages we can."

> 			`	He sips on thick drink before responding. "Quite simply, the fact that we are here. To the best of our knowledge, only the Drak and the Korath know that we exist, and of those only the Korath have raided our worlds. Our intention is to the last bastion of humanity, and we rely on secrecy to achieve that goal." He pauses for a moment to eat, then continues. "The Alphas are a fearsome threat, but they may be the least of humanity's worries in the grand scheme of things. Thus we strive to maintain whatever advantages we can, and one of those is surprise. If no-one knows we are here, we have the advantage over any that might seek to conquer or destroy us."`

Reviewer 3: I think I understand what you're saying here. The suggestion below is a small rewrite: `We strive to maintain whatever advantages we can in case any of those threats proves itself such, and one of our best tools is surprise.` This clarifies a little of what you've explained above and resolves my concerns.
```suggestion
			`	He sips on a thick drink before responding. "Quite simply, the fact that we are here. To the best of our knowledge, only the Drak and the Korath know that we exist, and of those only the Korath have raided our worlds. Our intention is to be the last bastion of humanity, and we rely on secrecy to achieve that goal." He pauses for a moment to eat, then he continues. "The Alphas are a fearsome threat, but they may be the least of humanity's worries in the grand scheme of things. We strive to maintain whatever advantages we can in case any of those threats proves itself such, and one of our best tools is surprise. If no one knows we are here, we have the advantage over any that might seek to conquer or destroy us.`
```

			`	"Of course, maintaining the secrecy of our capabilities is also very important - and the reason why you had to prove yourself before we let you purchase our ships and outfits - but it is secondary to the fundemental secrecy of our existence. Ideally, no-one should know we exist. Those who do know, should ideally think of us as little more than refugees struggling to survive in a hostile environment`
			label feast

> 			`	He waves dismisively. "I am sure you have more questions, but let us leave it there for now. Our meals await, and, well, I need to show you some stuff in regards to our security procedures. So finish your meal, and let's head over to <destination>."`

Reviewer 4: "stuff" -> anything word other than "stuff" :)

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

				accept
	on enter
		conversation

> 			`Once you reach space, the prefect interrupts your normal routine. "I'm sure you noticed that your 'license' isn't exactly a normal ID card. There's a reason for that, namely that it has a whole bunch of extra circuitry in it, and includes a couple sensors on the surface. I don't understand everything in it, but the security specialists assure me that it is incredibly resistance to being hacked or compromised."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Once you reach escape velocity, the prefect interrupts your normal routine. "I'm sure you noticed that your 'license' isn't exactly a normal ID card. There's a reason for that, namely that it has a whole bunch of extra circuitry in it, and includes a couple sensors on the surface. I don't understand everything in it, but the security specialists assure me that it is incredibly resistant to being hacked or compromised."`
```

> 			`Once you reach space, the prefect interrupts your normal routine. "I'm sure you noticed that your 'license' isn't exactly a normal ID card. There's a reason for that, namely that it has a whole bunch of extra circuitry in it, and includes a couple sensors on the surface. I don't understand everything in it, but the security specialists assure me that it is incredibly resistance to being hacked or compromised."`

Reviewer: When did the player physically get the license?

Author: There is now a section near the start where the fellow actually gives you the license. (and the player is shown the license)

			choice
				`	"Okay, sounds good."`
					goto continue
				`	"How do you know what regular licenses look like?"`

> 			`	The old man smiles. "While we might not have access to modern licenses, we do have all our old entertainment programs from before the exile. Some of them included details such as what licenses looked like. While things might have changed in the intervening years, licenses were historically governed by petty bureaucracy, and those are very resistant to change. So it seemed very likely that things have not changed much. And definitely not so much as to resemble ours." He seems amused, but then his smile fades.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	The old man smiles. "While we might not have access to modern licenses, we do have all our old entertainment programs from before the exile. Some of them included details such as what licenses looked like. While things might have changed in the intervening years, licenses were historically governed by petty bureaucracy, and those are very resistant to change. So it seemed very likely that things have not changed much - and definitely not so much as to resemble ours." He seems amused.`
```
You've already got `he shakes his head and becomes serious` in the next paragraph, so I thought mentioning the smile fades was unnecessary.

Author: It is intended to portray a flow of emotion. From starting out amused, to being neutral, to actively being serious.

> 			`	The old man smiles. "While we might not have access to modern licenses, we do have all our old entertainment programs from before the exile. Some of them included details such as what licenses looked like. While things might have changed in the intervening years, licenses were historically governed by by petty bureaucracy, and those are very resistant to change. So it seemed very likely that things have not changed much. And definitely not so much as to resemble ours." He seems amused, but then his smile fades.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	The old man smiles. "While we might not have access to modern licenses, we do have all our old entertainment programs from before the exile. Some of them included details such as what licenses looked like. While things might have changed in the intervening years, licenses were historically governed by petty bureaucracy, and those are very resistant to change. So it seemed very likely that things have not changed much. And definitely not so much as to resemble ours." He seems amused, but then his smile fades.`
```

> 			`	"Then again, ancestral space never designed their licenses to withstand much. They are incentivized to not be so secure, are they not? Enough money and the right connections, and licenses for anything can be acquired. These" he holds up a Remnant license "not so much." He shakes his head and becomes serious. "Now, your license has a handful of connection pads on the bottom, which can be connected to your ship's IFF. When you are inbound for landing, simply tap this code on the license, and the cube will verify the pattern as well as your fingerprints, a few other biometrics to ensure you are indeed living and concious, and then transmit an encrypted code. Our IFF systems will verify the transmitted signal and respond accordingly."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Then again, ancestral space never designed their licenses to withstand much. They are incentivized to be not so secure, are they not? Enough money and the right connections, and licenses for anything can be acquired. These?" He holds up a Remnant license. "Not so much." He shakes his head and becomes serious. "Now, your license has a handful of connection pads on the bottom which can be connected to your ship's IFF. When you are inbound for landing, simply tap this code on the license, and the cube will verify the pattern as well as your fingerprints and a few other biometrics to ensure you are indeed living and conscious, and then transmit an encrypted code. Our IFF systems will verify the transmitted signal and respond accordingly."`
```

Author: Thank you. Identifying what is being changed in the paragraph is very helpful.

On the flip side, once I hit the "commit suggestion" button, GitHub eats (or at least, hides) all the comments, so while having an explanation of what got fixed/changed is very helpful, it is equally helpful if larger comments (such as stylistic comments, or suggestions that I change something) are put in separate comments instead of attached to suggested code changes.

Reviewer 3: Hadn't thought of that. I'll make sure to do that in the future.

> 			`	"Then again, ancestral space never designed their licenses to withstand much. They are incentivized to not be so secure, are they not? Enough money and the right connections, and licenses for anything can be acquired. These" he holds up a Remnant license "not so much." He shakes his head and becomes serious. "Now, your license has a handful of connection pads on the bottom, which can be connected to your ship's IFF. When you are inbound for landing, simply tap this code on the license, and the cube will verify the pattern as well as your fingerprints, a few other biometrics to ensure you are indeed living and concious, and then transmit an encrypted code. Our IFF systems will verify the transmitted signal and respond accordingly."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Then again, ancestral space never designed their licenses to withstand much. They are incentivized to not be so secure, are they not? Enough money and the right connections, and licenses for anything can be acquired. These," he says, holding up a Remnant license, "not so much." He shakes his head and becomes serious. "Now, your license has a handful of connection pads on the bottom, which can be attached to your ship's IFF. When you are inbound for landing, simply tap this code on the license. The cube will verify the pattern as well as your fingerprints and a few other biometrics to ensure you are indeed living and conscious, and then transmit an encrypted code. Our IFF systems will verify the transmitted signal and respond accordingly."`
```

			choice
				`	"That sounds thorough."`
					goto thorough

> 				`	"So why haven't I been shot down yet?"`

Reviewer 3: Oo, I like that you tie it back to the bit about the guns pointing at the player earlier. Nicely done.

Author: Thank you.

					goto shotdown
				`	"What is an 'IFF' system?"`

> 			`	"You aren't familiar with IFF?" He asks, looking slighly incredulous. "IFF stands for Identify Friend or Foe, and is the general name for the system that identifies your ship to those around it. It is what determines which ships should be highlighted red or orange on your system map, and provides limited movement detail to allied ships so that targetting systems can fire past you. I do not know about their current practices, but historically the Navy and most other organizations had complex methods of verifying the identify of other ships. So it is not simply a case of having your IFF state that you are a friendly."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"You aren't familiar with IFF?" He asks, looking slighly incredulous. "IFF stands for Identify Friend or Foe and is the general name for the system that identifies your ship to those around it. It determines which ships should be highlighted red or orange on your system map and provides limited movement detail to allied ships so that targeting systems can fire past you. I do not know about their current practices, but historically the Navy and most other organizations had complex methods of verifying the identify of other ships. So it is not simply a case of having your IFF state that you are a friendly."`
```

> 			`	"You aren't familiar with IFF?" He asks, looking slighly incredulous. "IFF stands for Identify Friend or Foe, and is the general name for the system that identifies your ship to those around it. It is what determines which ships should be highlighted red or orange on your system map, and provides limited movement detail to allied ships so that targetting systems can fire past you. I do not know about their current practices, but historically the Navy and most other organizations had complex methods of verifying the identify of other ships. So it is not simply a case of having your IFF state that you are a friendly."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"You aren't familiar with IFF?" he asks, looking slightly incredulous. "IFF stands for 'Identify Friend or Foe,' and is the general name for the system that identifies your ship to those around it. It is what determines which ships should be highlighted red or orange on your system map, and provides limited movement detail to allied ships so that targeting systems can fire past you. I do not know about their current practices, but historically the Navy and most other organizations had complex methods of verifying the identify of other ships, so it is not simply a case of having your IFF state that you are a friendly."`
```

			choice
				`	"Thanks for the explanation."`
					goto continue
				`	"That sounds thorough."`
					goto thorough
				`	"So why haven't I been shot down yet?"`
			label shotdown

> 			`	"Because every system has potential failures and vulnerabilities, we ensure that people are always involved in the decision making process. Our initial scans showed that you were not likely an Alpha, and we were curious as to who you were and what opportunities might come of it. Since then the various monitors of the system have had to manually designate you as 'friendly' every time you made an approach. It worked, for a time. But now it is time to make your acceptance official. While our monitors are effective, it still wastes time to force them to track you and cancel the alerts every time you approach. Since you are trustworthy, better to give you the means to identify yourself so our defences can focus on real threats."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Because every system has potential failures and vulnerabilities, we ensure that people are always involved in the decision making process. Our initial scans showed that you were not likely an Alpha, and we were curious as to who you were and what opportunities might come of it. Since then the various monitors of the system have had to manually designate you as 'friendly' every time you made an approach. It worked, for a time. But now it is time to make your acceptance official. While our monitors are effective, it still wastes time to force them to track you and cancel the alerts every time you approach. Since you are trustworthy, better to give you the means to identify yourself so our defenses can focus on real threats."`
```

> 			`	"Because every system has potential failures and vulnerabilities, we ensure that people are always involved in the decision making process. Our initial scans showed that you were not likely an Alpha, and we were curious as to who you were and what opportunities might come of it. Since then the various monitors of the system have had to manually designate you as 'friendly' every time you made an approach. It worked, for a time. But now it is time to make your acceptance official. While our monitors are effective, it still wastes time to force them to track you and cancel the alerts every time you approach. Since you are trustworthy, better to give you the means to identify yourself so our defences can focus on real threats."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Because every system has potential failures and vulnerabilities, we ensure that people are always involved in the decision making process. Our initial scans showed that you were not likely an Alpha, and we were curious as to who you were and what opportunities might come of it. Since then the various monitors of the system have had to manually designate you as 'friendly' every time you made an approach. It worked, for a time. But now it is time to make your acceptance official. While our monitors are effective, it still wastes time to force them to track you and cancel the alerts every time you approach. Since you are trustworthy, better to give you the means to identify yourself so our defenses can focus on real threats.`
```
Defences -> defenses
Removed the ending quotation since the next line starts with one.

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

				goto continue
			label thorough

> 			`	The prefects nods in agreement. "We take our security very seriously."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	The prefects nods in agreement. "We take our security very seriously.`
```

			label continue

> 			`	"Now, before we arrive at <destination>, pick a pattern for yourself. Something short - a second or two at most, and something memorable to you." The prefect turns away from you to install a small device on the side of one of your bridge consoles, and connects a few wires into the panel. "Now, insert your license here, and tap your pattern on the license." He looks away as you follow his directions. "Done? Good. When we approach <destination>, you will have a few options: For a normal approach when everything is nominal, tap your pattern on the license. If there is a threat following you in - an enemy ship or some other kind of danger you want the monitors to watch for, pinch or squeeze the license instead. And if you have a problem onboard, such as having been captured and forced to fly the ship in tap the license in a random pattern. Lastly, if you are having trouble landing due to injury or damage to the ship, just press briefly on the license. If you don't touch the license at all, the monitors will assume that you are either incapacitated or otherwise not in command of your ship. We will still attempt to let you land safely and provide assistance, but will also be standing ready to destroy you and block your approach if we think you are becoming a threat."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Now, before we arrive at <destination>, pick a pattern for yourself. Something short - a second or two at most, and something memorable to you." The prefect turns away from you to install a small device on the side of one of your bridge consoles and connects a few wires into the panel. "Now, insert your license here and tap your pattern on the license." He looks away as you follow his directions. "Done? Good. When we approach <destination>, you will have a few options: For a normal approach when everything is nominal, tap your pattern on the license. If there is a threat following you in - an enemy ship or some other kind of danger you want the monitors to watch for, pinch or squeeze the license instead. And if you have a problem onboard, such as having been captured and forced to fly the ship in, tap the license in a random pattern. Lastly, if you are having trouble landing due to injury or damage to the ship, just press briefly on the license. If you don't touch the license at all, the monitors will assume that you are either incapacitated or otherwise not in command of your ship. We will still attempt to let you land safely and provide assistance but will also be standing ready to destroy you and block your approach if we think you become a threat."`
```

This is a long paragraph, but I can't see any good way of breaking it up. Just thought I'd mention it if you hadn't noticed.

> 			`	"Now, before we arrive at <destination>, pick a pattern for yourself. Something short - a second or two at most, and something memorable to you." The prefect turns away from you to install a small device on the side of one of your bridge consoles, and connects a few wires into the panel. "Now, insert your license here, and tap your pattern on the license." He looks away as you follow his directions. "Done? Good. When we approach <destination>, you will have a few options: For a normal approach when everything is nominal, tap your pattern on the license. If there is a threat following you in - an enemy ship or some other kind of danger you want the monitors to watch for, pinch or squeeze the license instead. And if you have a problem onboard, such as having been captured and forced to fly the ship in tap the license in a random pattern. Lastly, if you are having trouble landing due to injury or damage to the ship, just press briefly on the license. If you don't touch the license at all, the monitors will assume that you are either incapacitated or otherwise not in command of your ship. We will still attempt to let you land safely and provide assistance, but will also be standing ready to destroy you and block your approach if we think you are becoming a threat."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Now, before we arrive at <destination>, pick a pattern for yourself. Something short - a second or two at most, and something memorable to you." The prefect turns away from you to install a small device on the side of one of your bridge consoles, and connects a few wires into the panel. "Now, insert your license here, and tap your pattern on the license." He looks away as you follow his directions. "Done? Good. When we approach <destination>, you will have a few options: For a normal approach when everything is nominal, tap your pattern on the license. If there is a threat following you in - an enemy ship or some other kind of danger you want the monitors to watch for, pinch or squeeze the license instead. And if you have been captured and forced to fly the ship, tap the license in a random pattern. Lastly, if you are having trouble landing due to injury or damage to the ship, just press briefly on the license. If you don't touch the license at all, the monitors will assume that you are either incapacitated or otherwise not in command of your ship. We will still attempt to let you land safely and provide assistance, but will also be standing ready to destroy you and block your approach if we think you are becoming a threat."`
```

> 			`	"Now, before we arrive at <destination>, pick a pattern for yourself. Something short - a second or two at most, and something memorable to you." The prefect turns away from you to install a small device on the side of one of your bridge consoles, and connects a few wires into the panel. "Now, insert your license here, and tap your pattern on the license." He looks away as you follow his directions. "Done? Good. When we approach <destination>, you will have a few options: For a normal approach when everything is nominal, tap your pattern on the license. If there is a threat following you in - an enemy ship or some other kind of danger you want the monitors to watch for, pinch or squeeze the license instead. And if you have a problem onboard, such as having been captured and forced to fly the ship in tap the license in a random pattern. Lastly, if you are having trouble landing due to injury or damage to the ship, just press briefly on the license. If you don't touch the license at all, the monitors will assume that you are either incapacitated or otherwise not in command of your ship. We will still attempt to let you land safely and provide assistance, but will also be standing ready to destroy you and block your approach if we think you are becoming a threat."`

Reviewer 2: The destination replacement was already used, so use the planet replacement instead to keep things brief. Also found a spot to break this up like Wizrad suggested. 
```suggestion
			`	"Now, before we arrive at <planet>, pick a pattern for yourself. Something short - a second or two at most, and something memorable to you." The prefect turns away from you to install a small device on the side of one of your bridge consoles, and connects a few wires into the panel. "Now, insert your license here, and tap your pattern on the license." He looks away as you follow his directions.`
			`	"Done? Good. When we approach <planet>, you will have a few options: for a normal approach when everything is nominal, tap your pattern on the license. If there is a threat following you in - an enemy ship or some other kind of danger you want the monitors to watch for, pinch or squeeze the license instead. And if you have a problem onboard, such as having been captured and forced to fly the ship in, tap the license in a random pattern. Lastly, if you are having trouble landing due to injury or damage to the ship, just press briefly on the license. If you don't touch the license at all, the monitors will assume that you are either incapacitated or otherwise not in command of your ship. We will still attempt to let you land safely and provide assistance, but will also be standing ready to destroy you and block your approach if we think you are becoming a threat."`
```

	on complete
		conversation

> 			`	As you enter the upper atmosphere of <destination>, the prefect gestures toward the small bracket he installed on your console. You insert your license, and tap the pattern you created. He checks something on his commlink and then nods. "Your license and clearance have been accepted, Captain <first>. Carry on with landing as normal."  You proceed with the approach and landing, with the prefect pointing out noteworthy features along the way. He also points out various approach paths, including prefered routes to take if you are being chased. "If you have a hostile threat on your tail, take this landing corridor; which will expose trailing ships to fire from these points. And if you have something sticking tight in your shadow, do a roll at this point or that point. That will expose them to our high-precision batteries."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	As you enter the upper atmosphere of <destination>, the prefect gestures toward the small bracket he installed on your console. You insert your license and tap the pattern you created. He checks something on his commlink and then nods. "Your license and clearance have been accepted, Captain <first>. Carry on with landing as normal."  You proceed with the approach and landing with the prefect pointing out noteworthy features along the way. He also points out various approach paths, including preferred routes to take if you are being chased. "If you have a hostile threat on your tail, take this landing corridor: It will expose trailing ships to fire from these points. And if you have something sticking tight in your shadow, do a roll at this point or that point. That will expose them to our high-precision batteries."`
```

> 			`	As you enter the upper atmosphere of <destination>, the prefect gestures toward the small bracket he installed on your console. You insert your license, and tap the pattern you created. He checks something on his commlink and then nods. "Your license and clearance have been accepted, Captain <first>. Carry on with landing as normal."  You proceed with the approach and landing, with the prefect pointing out noteworthy features along the way. He also points out various approach paths, including prefered routes to take if you are being chased. "If you have a hostile threat on your tail, take this landing corridor; which will expose trailing ships to fire from these points. And if you have something sticking tight in your shadow, do a roll at this point or that point. That will expose them to our high-precision batteries."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	As you enter the upper atmosphere of <destination>, the prefect gestures toward the small bracket he installed on your console. You insert your license, and tap the pattern you created. He checks something on his commlink and then nods. "Your license and clearance have been accepted, Captain <first>. Carry on with landing as normal."  You proceed with the approach and landing, with the prefect pointing out noteworthy features along the way. He also points out various approach paths, including preferred routes to take if you are being chased. "If you have a hostile threat on your tail, take this landing corridor which will expose trailing ships to fire from these points. And if you have something sticking tight in your shadow, do a roll at this point or that point. That will expose them to our high-precision batteries."`
```

> 			`	As you enter the upper atmosphere of <destination>, the prefect gestures toward the small bracket he installed on your console. You insert your license, and tap the pattern you created. He checks something on his commlink and then nods. "Your license and clearance have been accepted, Captain <first>. Carry on with landing as normal."  You proceed with the approach and landing, with the prefect pointing out noteworthy features along the way. He also points out various approach paths, including prefered routes to take if you are being chased. "If you have a hostile threat on your tail, take this landing corridor; which will expose trailing ships to fire from these points. And if you have something sticking tight in your shadow, do a roll at this point or that point. That will expose them to our high-precision batteries."`

Reviewer 2: Again, use the planet replacement.
"He checks something on his commlink" -> "He checks his commlink".
Typo fix for "preferred".
Removed a double space.
Broke this up into two paragraphs.
Removed the same comma as Wizrad.
Semicolon to comma (instead of colon as Wizrad suggested).
```suggestion
			`	As you enter the upper atmosphere of <planet>, the prefect gestures toward the small bracket he installed on your console. You insert your license and tap the pattern you created. He checks his commlink and then nods. "Your license and clearance have been accepted, Captain <first>. Carry on with landing as normal."`
			`	You proceed with the approach and landing, with the prefect pointing out noteworthy features along the way. He also points out various approach paths, including preferred routes to take if you are being chased. "If you have a hostile threat on your tail, take this landing corridor, which will expose trailing ships to fire from these points. And if you have something sticking tight in your shadow, do a roll at this point or that point. That will expose them to our high-precision batteries."`
```

			choice
				`	"Thank you for the advice."`
					goto conclusion
				`	"I'm surprised you are telling me all this."`

> 			`	"Oh, do not worry that you know too much. There are far more defences that I have not mentioned, and we are always improving them. Generally, our defences should be invisible to you - as in, they just stay out of your way and are not something you pay attention to."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, do not worry that you know too much. There are far more defenses that I have not mentioned, and we are always improving them. Generally, our defenses should be invisible to you - as in, they stay out of your way."`
```

			label conclusion

> 			`	"Your approach goes smoothly, and you glide past a number of anti-air batteries that are methodically covering the sky around you. Once the <ship> has settled safely to the ground, the prefect pulls the license from the socket and hands it back to you. "At the risk of sounding like a parody: Keep it secret, keep it safe. May the Embers burn bright for you." And with that, the old prefect walks off your ship.`

Reviewer: "Parody"? Sounds kinda out of place for the Remnant.

Author: Mmm, not sure what you mean. They have access to the full "common" language, no reason why a word like "parody" couldn't be in their vocabulary.

> 			`	"Your approach goes smoothly, and you glide past a number of anti-air batteries that are methodically covering the sky around you. Once the <ship> has settled safely to the ground, the prefect pulls the license from the socket and hands it back to you. "At the risk of sounding like a parody: Keep it secret, keep it safe. May the Embers burn bright for you." And with that, the old prefect walks off your ship.`

Reviewer 2: Erroneous opening quotation mark.
```suggestion
			`	Your approach goes smoothly, and you glide past a number of anti-air batteries that are methodically covering the sky around you. Once the <ship> has settled safely to the ground, the prefect pulls the license from the socket and hands it back to you. "At the risk of sounding like a parody: keep it secret, keep it safe. May the Embers burn bright for you." And with that, the old prefect walks off your ship.`
```
